feat(route): LinkedIn Job Listing (#11656)
DIYgod/RSSHub: docs/en/other.md

<RouteEn author="tsarlewey" example="/lever/lever" path="/lever/:domain" :paramsDesc="['Company with Lever Board']"/>

## LinkedIn

### Jobs

> <RouteEn author="BrandNewLifeJackie26" example="/jobs/C-P/1/software engineer" path="/jobs/:job_types/:exp_levels/:keywords?" :paramsDesc="['job_types: see the following table for details, use \'-\' as delimiter', 'exp_levels: see the following table for details, use \'-\' as delimiter', 'keywords']" radar="1">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<RouteEn author="BrandNewLifeJackie26" example="/linkedin/jobs/C-P/1/software engineer" path="/linkedin/jobs/:job_types/:exp_levels/:keywords?" :paramsDesc="['See the following table for details, use \'-\' as delimiter', 'See the following table for details, use \'-\' as delimiter', 'keywords']" radar="1">
```

#### `job_types` list

| Full Time | Part Time | Contractor | All |
| --------- | --------- | ---------- | --- |
| F         | P         | C          | all |

#### `exp_levels` list

| Intership | Entry Level | Associate | Mid-Senior Level | Director | All |
| --------- | ----------- | --------- | ---------------- | -------- | --- |
| 1         | 2           | 3         | 4                | 5        | all |

For example:

> 1. If we want to search software engineer jobs of all levels and all job types, use `/jobs/all/all/software engineer`
> 2. If we want to search all entry level contractor/part time software engineer jobs, use `/jobs/P-C/2/software engineer`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If we want to search software engineer jobs of all levels and all job types, use `/linkedin/jobs/all/all/software engineer`
2. If we want to search all entry level contractor/part time software engineer jobs, use `/linkedin/jobs/P-C/2/software engineer`
```
